Update SourceLink article to refer to NuGet for symbol file advice (#9990)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/library-guidance/sourcelink.md

> * <xref:System.Diagnostics.DebuggerStepThroughAttribute> instructs the debugger to step through the code instead of stepping into the code.
> * <xref:System.Diagnostics.DebuggerBrowsableAttribute> controls whether a member is displayed in the debugger variable windows.

> **✔️ CONSIDER** publishing symbol files (`*.pdb`).

Reviewer: would it be helpful to say "with your package"?

Reviewer 2: I like the generic wording that @JamesNK used here. That way this page doesn't have to be updated again should the recommendation on the "NuGet" page change in the future.

> > Read more about [symbol files and symbol packages](./nuget.md#symbol-packages).

Reviewer: Our boilerplate for this kind of link is something like For more information, see or For more information about x, see...

```suggestion
> For more information about symbol files and symbol packages, see [Symbol packages](./nuget.md#symbol-packages).
```
